Group 19 DNS Article Rework (#1642)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/why-auto-import.md

---
title: Why You Should Auto-Import DNS Records
excerpt: Auto-import your DNS records to reduce the risk of downtime and save significant time when migrating your DNS records.
categories:
- DNS
---

# Why You Should Auto-Import DNS Records

> Auto-importing DNS records is a powerful feature designed to make the process of transferring your domain or hosting its DNS with DNSimple as simple and seamless as possible. The primary reason to use this feature is to reduce the risk of downtime and save significant time when migrating your DNS records.

Author: ```suggestion
Auto-importing DNS records is a powerful feature designed to make the process of transferring your domain or hosting its DNS with DNSimple as simple and seamless as possible. This feature reduces the risk of downtime and saves significant time when migrating your DNS records.
```

Instead of manually recreating every single record one-by-one—a process that can be tedious, time-consuming, and prone to human error—auto-importing allows DNSimple to scan and import your existing records for you automatically.

<note>
Auto-importing is a feature available on certain [DNSimple plans](https://dnsimple.com/pricing).
</note>

## Key Benefits of auto-importing

> - **Reduces downtime:** The most critical benefit of auto-importing is minimizing or completely eliminating [downtime](https://support.dnsimple.com/articles/before-transferring-domain/). Quickly and accurately importing all existing records ensures your domain continues to function correctly, without interruption, during the DNS hosting transition.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Reduces downtime:** The most critical benefit of auto-importing is minimizing or eliminating [downtime](https://support.dnsimple.com/articles/before-transferring-domain/). Quickly and accurately importing all existing records ensures your domain continues to function correctly, without interruption, during the DNS hosting transition.
```
